I have uploaded the document again so you can keep using it to further refine
the slide presentation.
You should not use any other source to get your information besides the
uploaded document. This is an original research work and should be reflected
in the presentation.

1. I want the 'Introduction' to be an intro statement that ushers the listeners
into a quick overview of what the presentation is all about while still
highlighting key points. Note that it should not be lengthy. Not more than 3
sentences @ 10 words per sentence with a reasonable leeway.

2. I want the 'Statement of the Problem' to be an actual statement. The
problem stattement should be formed according to the standard of how problem
statements are formed. The word count should be the same as in the
'Introduction'.

3. I like the 'Research Objectives'. I just need a little more details in the
bulleted objectives.

4. Form the 'Research Questions' into actual questions that captures the
essence of the 'Research Objectives'. They should not be a repitition of the
'Research Objectives', neither should they be shallow interpretations of the
objectives. They should be derived from the uploaded document.

5. I like the 'Significance of the Study' part, but I'd prefer you continue
using the tone in the 'Academic' and 'Policy' fields. For instance, the
'Business' field could be 'provides cost insights for operators', and so on.

6. I'd like for the 'Scope of the Study' section to be forged into sentences
instead, combining all the information pertaining to the scope of the study.
Keep sentences at the same lenghts as those prompted in the 'Introduction'
section.

7. Make the 'Literature Review' make sense. I want to see one-line facts about
the findings from the literature review. In essence, I want to know what the
evidence points to from the literature review.

8. For the 'Theoretical Framework', use the contents of the uploaded document
to frame sentences that explain the theoretical framework applied in this
research work.

9. Depict the 'Methodology' in a more step-by-step approach while sticking to
the 'Methodology' section of the research paper uploaded'

10. Change the title 'Data Analysis (Findings)' to 'Key Insights From Customer
Survey (Findings)'.
Also, make the analysis a little more descriptive so the audience knows what
the numbers really mean.

11. Have a discussion of the findings in 'Discussion of Findings' by forging
meaningful statements from things in the uploaded document as per usual. 

12. Provide a 'Summary' part that summarizes the information depicted from prior
parts. Also, ensure it sets the stage for the policy recommendations coming in
the next slide.

13. 'Policy Recommendations' should be statements addressed to a subject.

14. The 'Conclusion' slide should come last and should be as concise as
possible.

